In this demonstration, you will learn how to fetch and pull changes.
Let's switch to Visual Studio.
As you can see, now we have the perspective of Julia.
Julia still has here the very simple Program class without the
head command that Thomas has implemented.
Let's open up Team Explorer.
As you can see, Julia has opened the WiredBrainCoffee.ShopInfoTool repository.
Now let's go to the Synchronization page of Team Explorer.
Let's click here on Fetch to see if there are any Incoming Commits.
Julia can see here that Thomas has added the DataAccess project to the
solution and that he has implemented the head command.
Now Julia can click here on Pull to merge these
commits into her local master branch.
As you know, pull does a fetch and a merge.
Now you can see we got the latest Program.cs file with the
head commands that Thomas has implemented.
Now Julia could also start the WiredBrainCoffee.ShopInfoTool,
and she can just type in help to see what this command does.
But actually, she thinks this text should be,
Write help to list available coffee shop commands,
because here we write, Available coffee shop commands.
So let's make this adjustment.
Let's adjust this text, Write help to list available coffee shop commands.
Now let's go to the status bar here, we have one change,
let's click on it, and now we are on the Changes page of Team Explorer.
As you know,
you can right-click this file and you can compare
it with the unmodified version.
Instead of using this context menu entry,
you can also double-click your file in Team Explorer to
directly navigate to the changes.
And here you can see now that we have added here coffee shop.
Now let's commit this change.
Let's write here as a message, Adjust help message.
Now let's use the drop-down here and then select Commit All and Push.
Now we are here on the Synchronization page and you can see the Outgoing Commit.
Now Julia has successfully pushed her changes to the
master branch in the remote repository.
In the next clip,
we will switch back to the user Thomas and you will learn how you can resolve merge conflicts.